Hey super backlight! Really super backlight!
Not so super backlight~~
Hey Yves,,, You…
Huh?
suck at getting all of us in one shot…
(Super mad) Then how about you holding it!
Whoa! Which nostril are you taking right now!
(Serious) No, how about Kim Lip holding the camera!
Kim Lip has an experience of holding the camera upside down!
Hey! You are not even in it!
Hey! What are you doing!!!
Why is it all on you~~
Hey~ Kim Lip is… so bad at it!
Angle change with an anger!!
How about now!?
Well, it’s okay~~
We(?) kinda have to like lean forward
Oh! Because we are so tall??
The winner is the tall people…
Even though they squabble over small things; they are all in one when photoshoot starts!
First outfit is completed!
Now we are going to eat lunch~ Change our clothes~
And continue our second photoshoot!
Let us have a fancy lunch ~~
You Orbits have some nice lunch for yourselves after LOONATV~~